Add `GeomsComponent` (#867)
Deltares/hydromt: docs/dev/migrating-to-v1.rst

The previous `Model.tables` is now replaces by a `TablesComponent` that can used to store several non-geospatial tabular data into a dictionary of pandas DataFrames. The `TablesComponent` for now only contains the basic methods such as `read`, `write` and `set`.

GeomsComponent
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The previous `Model.geoms` is now replaces by a `GeomsComponent` that can used to store several geospatial geometry based data into a dictionary of geopandas GeoDataFrames. The `GeomsComponent` for now only contains the basic methods such as `read`, `write` and `set`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous `Model.geoms` is now replaced by a `GeomsComponent` that can be used to store several geospatial geometry based data into a dictionary of geopandas GeoDataFrames. The `GeomsComponent` for now only contains the basic methods such as `read`, `write` and `set`.
```
